---
layout: post
title: About Me
published: true
---

blog about me
points to mention
-health care domain
-sports domain
-java servlet/backend exp. with rest and rpc apis
-client side gwt, angular2, and javascript, d3
-ui desgn and ux
-server side management, apache, nginx, tomcat, aws, s3
-designing apis, scrum, managing requirements
-taking requirements and generating implementations
-ios/android exposure
-sql/database work, oracle, postgres, mongodb

Anthony is an experienced Full Stack Software Engineer that has 
worked in the health care and sports domains.  As part of being full 
stack he has worked with client side javascript, server side java, 
databases and back-end technologies.

## Client Side
As part of his client side experience he has worked with the popular
 frameworks Google Web Toolkit (GWT) and Angular2.  His experience does not 
 end there though, he has also worked with libraries like D3, lodash, RxJS, 
 MomentJS and jQuery to name a few.  These frameworks and libraries have 
 guided him through methodologies such as Model View Controller (MVC) and 
 its derivatives, reactive programming, application state management, 
 and the creation of satisfying user experiences. 

## Server Side
He has also worked with the popular server side frameworks Google Web Toolkit,
 Spring Framework and DropWizard.  Through these he has learned Remote Procedure Call (RPC), 
 working with REST (Jax-RS and Spring), and the management of a data access layer.  
 Techniques that he has picked up including developing for scale and performance, 
 properly securing services and system interopability.

## Databases
For data storage he has worked with Oracle, Postgres, and mongodb (noSQL). 
 This involved creating performant stored procedures, efficent schema design, 
 and data security mechanisms.  He also has experience in developing efficient 
 data model designs that are simple to scale and reduce resource contention.

## Back-end Systems
Throughout his career he has worked with Tomcat, apache, and nginx giving
 him an ability to debug and diagnose issues occuring outside of the application.
   This also extends to the JVM where he is capable of anaylzing heap dumps for 
   memory leaks and inefficiences in memory design 

## Misc
setup and debugging of java heap/gc
-discuss machine learning things as well, gpu
-something about concurrent programming

-conclusion
